README.md, before:

Hard-Reset-2-Helper
===================

This repository is for fans looking to delve into the timey-wimey mystery of horizon's _Hard Reset 2: Reset Harder_ hosted on Fimfiction.net

Why am I here?
--------------

You're here because you like Eakin's _Hard Reset_ and horizon's _Hard Reset 2: Reset Harder_.  This repository is for the enthused and confused.  Use it as a reference guide!  Use it to debate theories!  Use it because you get to complain about/praise the the phrase "timey-wimey!"

OK, Why is the Guide Here on GitHub?
------------------------------------

Because versioning!  A crowdsourced guide for a story is going to change _**a lot**_ and we need to keep track of who contributed what.  This is especially important since horizon will not be taking direct action except to point out downright wrong stuff on the pages.

For those of you who don't know, Git is a versioning system that allows you to store the history of documents and code.  GitHub is a site that stores repositories using Git.  So basically I'm taking an advanced tool that is used in developing Linux and tracking a fan-run guide for a fanfiction story that is an alternate universe version of a fanfiction story for a TV show about ponies...

I feel a bit odd writing that last part.

General Rules for this Repository:
--------------------------

1. ABSOLUTELY NO COPYING STORIES/CHAPTERS - You may quote small sections, preferably single lines.  Quotes should probably go in the issues/comments rather than actual guides.  I will work out a method for referencing sections in the story external to this repository.  If you start copying large sections of the story, your post will be deleted, removed from history, and you will be sternly warned.  These authors work hard.  Let's keep the traffic on _their_ stories.
2. Keep it clean - PG13 please?  Light language may be allowed, but keep away from F-bombs and racist speach.  Also, be kind when you are critically analyzing others' work.  Everyone's here to have fun and build our understanding of the story.  Theory crafting is meant to be fun, not combative.

Rules for Contributing:
-----------------------

1. Don't kill the repository - This is a given.  If you don't know what you're doing with Git or GitHub, read some tutorials or stick with the issue tracker/private messages/comments.  I will probably be keeping a local copy of the repo, but I don't want to have to reinitialize the project every week.
2. Don't kill the guide pages - Rewriting Git history makes me frown.  I'm somewhat new to Git.  Don't make me spend time looking at guides to run my guides.

How to Conrtibute:
------------------

1. Comment on horizon's story!  This should be your go-to anyways.  Horizon is just like any other author who likes people commenting on what they do and don't like and the theories they have.  As a matter of fact, comment first, then duplicate anything you have to say about this repo using one of the methods below.  This repository isn't meant to detract from horizon's traffic, merely clean up the mess in the Comments section.  Mention my Fimfiction username in your comment if you want me to check it out.  I might create an issue for investigation on this repo from it.
2. PM me on Fimfiction - Short and simple.
3. GITHUB USERS: Create an issue on GitHub - Anyone who has a GitHub account can create issues directly on the repo.  An account is free and only requires an email address.
    - Go to the little Issues tab on the right
    - Select "New Issue" on the right side
    - Give it a short, meaningful title and description of the problem or addition
    - Mark the Milestone the issue applies to (Chapter 1, Rules and Players, All Chapters, Repo Maintenance etc.)
    - Tag the issue with one or more of the appropriate tags, usually one for type and one for what folder it applies to (ADDITION, CORRECTION, SUGGESTION, GUIDES, THEORIES)
    - Do NOT assign the issue.  If more users join to directly edit the repo, we will work out our own way of assigning work
    - Click "Submit new issue"
4. GITHUB USERS WITH GIT EXPERIENCE: Collaborate directly - If you know how to work a super simple workflow on GitHub, I'll add you as a collaborator!  Then you can work on the repo directly
    - Message me to become a collaborator
    - Only make changes that can be tracked by an EXISTING ISSUE.  If an issue does not exist, do not edit.  If you need to edit, first create an issue stating why.
    - Work ONLY on the Pre-Release branch
    - Submit changes for release by creating a Pull Request into master branch
    - Failure to follow this simple workflow will result in ejection from collaborator status

How NOT to Contribute:
----------------------

1. Email - I'm a closet brony so this is a throwaway name.  My email will probably go unchecked months at a time.

Commit message:

Add Table of Contents to Front Readme
Table of contents added with status of some empty files.  Will update when content appears.

Fixes #14

README.md, after:

Hard-Reset-2-Helper
===================

This repository is for fans looking to delve into the timey-wimey mystery of horizon's _Hard Reset 2: Reset Harder_ hosted on Fimfiction.net

Repository Table of Contents
----------------------------

- [Guides](https://github.com/RampantArcana/Hard-Reset-2-Helper/tree/master/Guides)
    - [Guides Readme](https://github.com/RampantArcana/Hard-Reset-2-Helper/blob/master/Guides/Guides%20README.md) - In progress
    - [The Rules and Players](https://github.com/RampantArcana/Hard-Reset-2-Helper/blob/master/Guides/The%20Rules%20and%20Players.md)
    - [Chapters 0 - 1](https://github.com/RampantArcana/Hard-Reset-2-Helper/blob/master/Guides/Chapters%200%20-%201.md)
    - [Chapter 2](https://github.com/RampantArcana/Hard-Reset-2-Helper/blob/master/Guides/Chapter%202.md)
    - [Chapter 3](https://github.com/RampantArcana/Hard-Reset-2-Helper/blob/master/Guides/Chapter%203.md) - In progress
- [Theories](https://github.com/RampantArcana/Hard-Reset-2-Helper/tree/master/Theories) - Open for suggestions

Why am I here?
--------------

You're here because you like Eakin's _Hard Reset_ and horizon's _Hard Reset 2: Reset Harder_.  This repository is for the enthused and confused.  Use it as a reference guide!  Use it to debate theories!  Use it because you get to complain about/praise the the phrase "timey-wimey!"

OK, Why is the Guide Here on GitHub?
------------------------------------

Because versioning!  A crowdsourced guide for a story is going to change _**a lot**_ and we need to keep track of who contributed what.  This is especially important since horizon will not be taking direct action except to point out downright wrong stuff on the pages.

For those of you who don't know, Git is a versioning system that allows you to store the history of documents and code.  GitHub is a site that stores repositories using Git.  So basically I'm taking an advanced tool that is used in developing Linux and tracking a fan-run guide for a fanfiction story that is an alternate universe version of a fanfiction story for a TV show about ponies...

I feel a bit odd writing that last part.

General Rules for this Repository:
--------------------------

1. ABSOLUTELY NO COPYING STORIES/CHAPTERS - You may quote small sections, preferably single lines.  Quotes should probably go in the issues/comments rather than actual guides.  I will work out a method for referencing sections in the story external to this repository.  If you start copying large sections of the story, your post will be deleted, removed from history, and you will be sternly warned.  These authors work hard.  Let's keep the traffic on _their_ stories.
2. Keep it clean - PG13 please?  Light language may be allowed, but keep away from F-bombs and racist speach.  Also, be kind when you are critically analyzing others' work.  Everyone's here to have fun and build our understanding of the story.  Theory crafting is meant to be fun, not combative.

Rules for Contributing:
-----------------------

1. Don't kill the repository - This is a given.  If you don't know what you're doing with Git or GitHub, read some tutorials or stick with the issue tracker/private messages/comments.  I will probably be keeping a local copy of the repo, but I don't want to have to reinitialize the project every week.
2. Don't kill the guide pages - Rewriting Git history makes me frown.  I'm somewhat new to Git.  Don't make me spend time looking at guides to run my guides.

How to Conrtibute:
------------------

1. Comment on horizon's story!  This should be your go-to anyways.  Horizon is just like any other author who likes people commenting on what they do and don't like and the theories they have.  As a matter of fact, comment first, then duplicate anything you have to say about this repo using one of the methods below.  This repository isn't meant to detract from horizon's traffic, merely clean up the mess in the Comments section.  Mention my Fimfiction username in your comment if you want me to check it out.  I might create an issue for investigation on this repo from it.
2. PM me on Fimfiction - Short and simple.
3. GITHUB USERS: Create an issue on GitHub - Anyone who has a GitHub account can create issues directly on the repo.  An account is free and only requires an email address.
    - Go to the little Issues tab on the right
    - Select "New Issue" on the right side
    - Give it a short, meaningful title and description of the problem or addition
    - Mark the Milestone the issue applies to (Chapter 1, Rules and Players, All Chapters, Repo Maintenance etc.)
    - Tag the issue with one or more of the appropriate tags, usually one for type and one for what folder it applies to (ADDITION, CORRECTION, SUGGESTION, GUIDES, THEORIES)
    - Do NOT assign the issue.  If more users join to directly edit the repo, we will work out our own way of assigning work
    - Click "Submit new issue"
4. GITHUB USERS WITH GIT EXPERIENCE: Collaborate directly - If you know how to work a super simple workflow on GitHub, I'll add you as a collaborator!  Then you can work on the repo directly
    - Message me to become a collaborator
    - Only make changes that can be tracked by an EXISTING ISSUE.  If an issue does not exist, do not edit.  If you need to edit, first create an issue stating why.
    - Work ONLY on the Pre-Release branch
    - Submit changes for release by creating a Pull Request into master branch
    - Failure to follow this simple workflow will result in ejection from collaborator status

How NOT to Contribute:
----------------------

1. Email - I'm a closet brony so this is a throwaway name.  My email will probably go unchecked months at a time.
