Guides/Chapters 0 - 1.md, before:

Guide - Chapters 0 - 1
======================

This is a guide keeping track of loops external to Twilight for Eakin's _Hard Reset_ through horizon's _Hard Reset 2: Reset Harder_ Chapter 1.

Chapter 0: Eakin's Hard Reset is Reset
--------------------------------------

- Celestia updates her spawn point to This Morning.
- Chrysalis has set her spawn point at some time as well.  At this point it is unknown.
- Twilight goes through the events of Hard Reset.  Several hundred loops pass without Celestia dying first (Twilight thinks she watched Celestia die several times.  She is wrong.)  At this point, Celestia has never looped to This Morning.
- Chrysalis may have died first several times but remains unaware of other loopers.  We do not know what loop Chrysalis is on.
- Suddenly UNKNOWN becomes aware of Twilight's looping and it is not working.  UNKNOWN loops back to before Twilight casts her spell and influences Spike in some way.

Chapter 0.9: You Would Think This is Chapter 1
----------------------------------------------

- Twilight wakes up to 5 words.  She goes to Celestia and explains.  Celestia gives her a trigger password for something extremely dark to indicate Twilight is in a time loop.  Both discuss the situation.
- _**Chrysalis**_ **dies**.
- Chrysalis becomes suspicious of Celestia looping.  She spends an unknown number of iterations infiltrating the palace in different ways to confirm and find out how to stop her losing at this point.  Twilight has no chance to say the trigger password as she has not died yet (and thus is still going to Celestia the first time every time).

Chapter 1
---------

- Twilight wakes up to 5 words.  She goes to Celestia and explains.  Celestia gives her a trigger password for something extremely dark to indicate Twilight is in a time loop.  Both discuss the situation.
- Chrysalis tips her hoof by setting the castle on fire in response to a previous loop(s) where Twilight made that same joke.
- _**Twilight**_ dies.
- Twilight says the trigger to Celestia.  The only way she could know it is by time looping or extremely dark mind magic that could influence Celestia directly.  The only logical response is killing Twilight (either the threat ends, or she confirms the time loop.)  She tells Twilight to add a safe word to the phrase.

Chapter 1.95: Oh.  You're Looping, Twilight
-------------------------------------------

- Twilight wakes up and says the phrase to Celestia with the safe word.  Celestia gathers information on Twilights loops.  Celestia dies.
- Celestia spends an unknown number of iterations playing games with Chrysalis.  Chrysalis gains absolute confirmation Celestia is looping.  They test the waters with each other, but Celestia is unable to fend off the changeling swarm without unacceptable losses.  
    - Stop her before Twilight loops? Lost the assets needed to fend off the invasion.  
    - Fight off the invasion? Chrysalis is in place for sabotaging from within.
- Twilight either does not perform the loop spell or does not die in all these iterations.  Celestia realizes they need to work together to win.

Chapter 1.99
------------

- Celestia says, "Well, that didn't work."  Twilight asks for some time alone and leaves Canterlot.  Celestia dies when the Elements explode.

Chapter 1.999
-------------

- Celestia says, "Well, that didn't work."

Commit message:

UNKNOWN has a spawn point way before Celestia's
This should clear up where the divergence from Eakin's _Hard Reset_ actually occurs.

Fixes #5

Guides/Chapters 0 - 1.md, after:

Guide - Chapters 0 - 1
======================

This is a guide keeping track of loops external to Twilight for Eakin's _Hard Reset_ through horizon's _Hard Reset 2: Reset Harder_ Chapter 1.

Chapter 0: Eakin's Hard Reset is Reset
--------------------------------------

### A Long, Long, Time Ago - The Setup
- A _long_ time ago, UNKNOWN sets up an anchor for looping

### Eakin's _Hard Reset_ Universe
- Twilight goes through the events of Hard Reset.  Several hundred loops pass.  Twilight is the only looper at this point.
- Suddenly UNKNOWN becomes aware of Twilight's looping and it is **not working.**  UNKNOWN triggers his/her reset and goes to before Luna was banished.

### A Long, Long, Time Ago - The Divergence
- Luna is banished.  UNKNOWN's influence causes Celestia to begin time looping, updating her anchor point every new day.

### horizon's _Hard Reset 2: Reset Harder_ Universe
- Celestia updates her spawn point to This Morning.
- Chrysalis has set her spawn point at some time as well.  At this point it is unknown.
- Chrysalis may have died first several times but remains unaware of other loopers.  We do not know what loop Chrysalis is on.

(This explains the paradox that Twilight has watched Celestia die, but the loop did not reset.  Twilight's loop changes, and suddenly Celestia has been looping for ages.  UNKNOWN changed Celestia's past.)

Chapter 0.9: You Would Think This is Chapter 1
----------------------------------------------

- Twilight wakes up to 5 words.  She goes to Celestia and explains.  Celestia gives her a trigger password for something extremely dark to indicate Twilight is in a time loop.  Both discuss the situation.
- _**Chrysalis**_ **dies**.
- Chrysalis becomes suspicious of Celestia looping.  She spends an unknown number of iterations infiltrating the palace in different ways to confirm and find out how to stop her losing at this point.  Twilight has no chance to say the trigger password as she has not died yet (and thus is still going to Celestia the first time every time).

Chapter 1
---------

- Twilight wakes up to 5 words.  She goes to Celestia and explains.  Celestia gives her a trigger password for something extremely dark to indicate Twilight is in a time loop.  Both discuss the situation.
- Chrysalis tips her hoof by setting the castle on fire in response to a previous loop(s) where Twilight made that same joke.
- _**Twilight**_ dies.
- Twilight says the trigger to Celestia.  The only way she could know it is by time looping or extremely dark mind magic that could influence Celestia directly.  The only logical response is killing Twilight (either the threat ends, or she confirms the time loop.)  She tells Twilight to add a safe word to the phrase.

Chapter 1.95: Oh.  You're Looping, Twilight
-------------------------------------------

- Twilight wakes up and says the phrase to Celestia with the safe word.  Celestia gathers information on Twilight's loops.  Celestia dies.
- Celestia spends an unknown number of iterations playing games with Chrysalis.  Chrysalis gains absolute confirmation Celestia is looping.  They test the waters with each other, but Celestia is unable to fend off the changeling swarm without unacceptable losses.  
    - Stop her before Twilight loops? Lost the assets needed to fend off the invasion.  
    - Fight off the invasion? Chrysalis is in place for sabotaging from within.
- Twilight either does not perform the loop spell or does not die in all these iterations.  Celestia realizes they need to work together to win.

Chapter 1.99 Operation "Get Twilight to Help" - The unwritten version
------------

- Celestia says, "Well, that didn't work."  Twilight asks for some time alone and leaves Canterlot.  Celestia dies when the Elements explode.

Chapter 1.999 Operation "Get Twilight to Help" - End of the chapter
-------------

- Celestia says, "Well, that didn't work."
