Guides/The Rules and Players.md, before:

The Rules and Players
=====================

Just getting started with the fic?  Confused why something worked out the way it did?  Perhaps you should check the rules.

Having trouble keeping track of loopers?  Perhaps you should check the players.

The Rules as We Know Them:
--------------------------

1. You only remember the loops in which you die first
2. You can only have one anchor point - no going back further than you already have. (Can Celestia make Twilight loop earlier?  I expect not.  The anchor is set.)
3. Your loop memories only reapply themselves when all loopers reach your anchor (Celestia wakes up and remembers, Twilight still hasn't gone through Eakin's Hard Reset.  "Well that didn't work," Twilight instantly remembers everything up to the last loop she died first.)
4. If your anchor is before someone else's anchor, you can prevent them from casting the loop spell

The Players as We Know Them:
----------------------------

- Celestia - Spawns in the morning (her chambers?)
- Twilight - Spawns in the afternoon in the library after her spell explodes
- Chrysalis - Spawn unknown
- UNKNOWN - Spawn unknown (changed Eakin's Hard Reset so Twilight wakes up hearing 5 words, not 4.)

Extra Commentary
----------------

- UNKNOWN is likely a non-equine (Discord?  I think he's still stone in Hard Reset) as Luna would reset to Nightmare Moon banishment and Celestia thinks Shining Armor against Chrysalis is a bad idea.
- Chrysalis remains unaware that Twilight has entered the loop. (Twilight managed to knock out Chrysalis before she could reset.  Knowledge lost since Twilight reset first)
- It's probably possible to move the spawn point. Celestia claims that she first cast the spell once she banished Luna, so it can either be cast multiple times nesting in each other, the spell can be ended and then cast again later, or you can shift the spawn point to a present that you're happy with, presumably with another spell.

Commit message:

Update Description of UNKNOWN in Rules and Players
Updated some points on anchors
Added a note about Luna being unable to move her anchor
Updated possibility of UNKNOWN being Starswirl

Fixes #12

Guides/The Rules and Players.md, after:

The Rules and Players
=====================

Just getting started with the fic?  Confused why something worked out the way it did?  Perhaps you should check the rules.

Having trouble keeping track of loopers?  Perhaps you should check the players.

The Rules as We Know Them:
--------------------------

1. You only remember the loops in which you die first
2. UPDATE! You can only have one anchor point, but an earlier looper can influence when your anchor point is set
3. Your loop memories only reapply themselves when all loopers reach your anchor (Celestia wakes up and remembers, Twilight still hasn't gone through Eakin's Hard Reset.  "Well that didn't work," Twilight instantly remembers everything up to the last loop she died first.)
4. If your anchor is before someone else's anchor, you can prevent them from casting the loop spell or influence their pre-loop selves to anchor at a different point in time
5. Luna cannot update her anchor (stuck at point of banishment due to Elements of Harmony) and thus has (likely) ended her looping spell

The Players as We Know Them:
----------------------------

- Celestia - Spawns in the morning (her chambers?)
- Twilight - Spawns in the afternoon in the library after her spell explodes (Spawnpoint changing?)
- Chrysalis - Spawn unknown
- UNKNOWN - Spawn unknown (changed Eakin's Hard Reset so Twilight wakes up hearing 5 words, not 4.)

Extra Commentary
----------------

- UNKNOWN is possibly a non-equine (Discord?  I think he's still stone in Hard Reset) as Luna would reset to Nightmare Moon banishment and Celestia thinks Shining Armor against Chrysalis is a bad idea.
- It is possible UNKNOWN may be a being/pony from pre-Nightmare Moon time who can jump _forward_ in time (Starswirl?)
- Chrysalis remains unaware that Twilight has entered the loop. (Twilight managed to knock out Chrysalis before she could reset.  Knowledge lost since Twilight reset first)
- It's probably possible to move the spawn point. Celestia claims that she first cast the spell once she banished Luna, so it can either be cast multiple times nesting in each other, the spell can be ended and then cast again later, or you can shift the spawn point to a present that you're happy with, presumably with another spell.
